[Music]
from your secret friend
let's play a game just me and you
any of this mean anything to you
you're becoming quite a celebrity
[Music]
why's he writing to you
if you are justice
please do not lie
what is the price for your blind
eye
[Music]
the hell are you supposed to be
i'm vengeance
this guy's crazy
[Music]
you're part of this too
oh my part of it
you'll see
i used to live my life a quarter mile at
a time
but things changed
oh father now i will always be
in your heart little brian i have a gift
for you
your daddy gave me this no i'm gonna
give it to you
it's very special it's for protection
from what's coming
all right dom what's next
no matter how fast you are
i am not to be compared to you no one
outruns their past
i am more easy you trying your best to
and mine just caught up to me
been a long time
[Music]
so we're up against a master thief
assassin high performance driver
who is he
jacob is dom's brother
your whole life you pushed yourself to
be faster than dawn
smarter than dog stronger than don
but could you kill him
[Music]
because i'm ready if you are
there's nothing more powerful than the
lover family but you
turn that into anger there's nothing
more dangerous
maybe this is the end but we're gonna go
out together
you know i'd ride to the death with you
let's get to work
please tell me that's not a pontiac
fiero strapped to a rocket engine
impressive i know no
no that's that's not impressive
[Music]
i came here to take you down little
brother that's your mistake
this is my world
[Music]
damn they got a magnet plane hold on
tell me you're not thinking what i think
you're thinking there's no bridge
oh hell no
hey guys
surprise nice clubhouse
michael i've known you since you were a
child
you have a gift you always have
if there's an answer to your disease
you'll find it
[Music]
i should have died years ago
why am i still here if not to fix this
i have a rare blood disease and i'm
running out of time
this could be my last chance
[Music]
you're up to something what is it
that's not exactly legal
i want to see you get hurt more than you
already have
this would be a cure
at what cost
i went from time to feeling more alive
than ever
increased strength and speed
the ability to use echolocation
even overpowering urge to consume blood
[Music]
how far are we allowed to go
we'll fix something that's broken
until the remedy
is worse than the disease
michael morbiel got tired of doing the
whole good guy thing huh
what's up
the past isn't dead
james fate draws us back together
now your enemy is my enemy
his name is saffin and what does he want
revenge me when her secret finds its way
out
it'll be the death of you
you can imagine why i've come back to
play
there's a young lady in santiago i want
you to meet you're late
when you're ready
salute i met your new double o
she's a disarming young woman i get why
you shot him
yeah well everyone tries at least once
james bond
we both eradicate people
to make the world a better place i just
want to be a little
tidier
come on bond where the hell are you
do you ever one of these nope
harder to tell the good from bad
villains from heroes these days
what is it you don't know what this is
he's going to kill millions
if we don't do this
there will be nothing left to say
so
[Music]
your instructor is one of the finest
pilots this program has ever produced
[Music]
his exploits
or legendary
what he has to teach you may very well
mean the difference between life
and death
your reputation precedes you i have to
admit i wasn't expecting an invitation
back
they're called orders maverick
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning aviators this is your
captain speaking today's exercise is dog
fighting
two versus one he's gotta be kidding
[Music]
smoke in the air
what are you doing here in summerville
anyway honestly
my mom won't say it but we're completely
broke
and the only thing that's left in our
name is this creepy old farmhouse our
grandfather left us in the middle of
nowhere
why'd you bring me up here entertainment
value
what is that i don't know
somehow a town that isn't anywhere near
a tectonic plate
that has no fault lines no fracking no
loud music
even is shaking on a daily basis
hey remember that one summer we died on
our table
i found this in my living room killer
replica
a replica of what a ghost trap
[Music]
there hasn't been a ghost sighting in 30
years
new york in the 80s it's like the
walking dead
your dad never mentioned this to you
it's just my mom
my grandfather died
my mom says we're just here to pick
through the rub love's life
wait a minute
[Music]
who are you
call it faith
call it lock
[Music]
call it karma
i believe that everything happens for a
reason
come on darling
it has a gunner seat
[Music]
[Applause]
what is going
baby on okay mom yeah
[Applause]
it's okay it's okay we're okay we're
okay
okay where where where mom
[Music]
so
[Applause]
[Music]
run
foreign i don't know why you came all
the way up here
there's nothing left
please there are people out there
you don't know do you
the people that are left
are not the kind of people worth saving
there's something happening to me
there's something awakening in my mind i
can't control it
what did you see
there's a crusade coming
do you often dream things that happen
just as you dream them
yes
the test is simple remove your hand from
the box
and you die what's in the box
pain
[Applause]
you inherit too much power you have
proven you can rule yourself
now you must learn to rule others
something
none of your ancestors learnt
my father rules an entire planet he's
losing it
he's getting a richer one he'll lose
that one too
arrakis is a death trap
[Applause]
this is an extermination
they're picking my family off one by one
let's fight like demons
an animal caught in a trap will nor off
its own leg
to escape what will you do
i know you
[Applause]
[Music]
one day the legend will be born
all of civilization depends on it
the future i can see it
i must not fear
[Music]
fear is the mind killer
hello duke where the fear is gone
only i will remain
go go go
[Music]
oh
now i've heard there was a secret
chord that david played
and it pleased the lord but you don't
really care for music
do you it goes like this
the fourth the fifth the minor
fall the major lift the baffled
king composing hallelujah
[Music]
[Applause]
i did my best it wasn't much
i couldn't feel so i had tried to touch
i've told the truth that it didn't come
hallelujah
[Music]
[Applause]
me
[Music]
these guys probably fought hundreds of
thousands of other super beings on the
other planets he's destroyed right and
we have to assume he's won i don't care
how many demons he's fought and how many
hells
he's never fought us not us united
[Music]
so what are you doing out here
there is a legend in the jungles of the
amazon
of a tree that heals all it could change
the world
but if it gets into the wrong hands he
could awaken
a great evil
i believe that the legend is real and
i'm gonna find it what you want
when i do just imagine the lives that
could be saved
i've been looking for this tree longer
than anybody
i've tracked the legend to every village
every island nothing
you're searching for something that
can't be found
but you've never had the key
let's do something that's safe let's go
see some elephants there are no
elephants in the amazon and i don't even
like elephants lady everybody likes
elephants
know this about the jungle everything
that you see
wants to kill you and can
careful they could smell fear i am not
afraid
[Music]
oh my gosh who brings a submarine to the
amazon foyer
[Music]
good night
if i get it hold on come on i got it i
don't got it no no no no no no no
just leave me alone that was a disaster
it didn't go the way i planned
[Music]
good morning goldie my name is guy and i
live
in free city i have everything i need
[Music]
except one thing hey
excuse me hey
hey bud you ever think that there's got
to be more more than what
the stuff we do day after day literally
not once
today's gonna be different goldie what
are we looking at are you we ran into
each other the other day how did you
find me
i waited outside by the murder train
guy i have to tell you something there
is no easy way to say this
this world it's a video game
i really want to kiss you is that weird
listen to me you're not real
[Music]
wait you let who kiss you guy there's
not a button for that
oh he found the button
buddy if we're not real doesn't that
mean that nothing you do matters
i am sitting here with my best friend
trying to help him get through a tough
time now if that's not real
i don't know what it is millie i know
this world
is just a game but this place these
people that's all i have
thanks guy who is this guy this
character
in the video game free city has been
turning heads
by being the good guy who is blue shirt
guy
you're absolutely right who is he or she
indeed this loser is ruining the game
man
i don't care if he's arnold freaking
schwarzen vader
terminate them
we're doing great guy in two days the
game is gonna shut down
you this whole city they'll be gone
what if we can save it
[Music]
was that cool it felt really cool we
could change
our world but we have to fight together
i don't even know what's happening right
now
but i love it this is the first time
i've ever driven a car before
i really wish you'd mentioned that yeah
[Music]
they seem nice
what is storytelling
storytelling started with our indigenous
people
can anyone give me an example of a myth
or a story afraid of
lucas
what's going on we found a part of a man
in the woods today
[Music]
part of the man i guess the other half
was found
in the mine
well this has got to be an animal right
[Music]
no animal that i've ever seen
something is going on with lucas
these drawings belongs to a student of
mine
this is what was in the mind
it's a diabolical spirit
excuse me this is a myth for you yeah
he is my responsibility
he's here
i tell people my sister moved out west
you're a science teacher
your husband he renovates houses
you're thinking about moving but you're
gonna wait until the interest rates go
down
that's not my story
before i was an avenger i made
mistakes
[Applause]
[Music]
and a lot of enemies
it's called science taskmaster he
controls the red room
they're manipulated fully conscious but
no choices
i should have come back for you how many
others are there
than us
[Music]
we have to go back to where it all
started so they never do that to anyone
again
we're a family we fight with you
you won't win i've always found it best
don't look into the past
okay you got a plan or should i just
stay dug and go my plan was to drive us
away
gloria plan sucks
[Music]
at some point we all have to choose
between what the world wants you to be
and who you are
i made my choice
i'm done running
[Music]
here's what's going to happen natasha
don't slouch i'm not slouching you're
going to get the back hunch
listen to your mother oh my god all
right enough
all of you i didn't say anything that's
not fair
[Music]
after a lifetime of being the world's
most famous enemies
[Music]
tom and jerry are about to start over
cause that's what friends are supposed
to
do
in the big city
this hotel has been host to four
presidents three popes
two kings and we're about to host the
wedding of the century
do you think you're qualified to take on
this position i shine under pressure
like a diamond
or rihanna one other thing
we have a mouse problem with the what
whatnot i'll catch it sir
everybody gonna shine
like this don't even gotta try oh wow
this is so detailed
we could hire an exterminator oh we can
leverage
millions of years of predatory evolution
if a picture of this mouse is tweeted up
to insta book face or ticky talk
we will be ruined no sir that's not
gonna happen
that rodent is toast
[Music]
i will not let this hotel be ruined by a
cat and a mouth
he's dying with us
i think i might have just pulled this
off really
oh
do you know what we wouldn't have found
if we would have stayed on the trail
the waterfall
what is that oh my god
[Music]
it's a story people know but don't talk
about
except in whispers like a ghost story
[Music]
we don't bother them
and they don't bother us
[Music]
but anyone who goes up there what is
this place
they don't come back
it's happened before
[Music]
descendants of these people are still
living up there on the mountain
they said they would be the foundation
on which a new nation would be built
[Music]
that was a terrible crash
we're lucky to be alive
oh no stop don't come any closer it's a
girl
oh my gosh girl i'm sorry blonde hair
i've just never
ever seen a girl before who
are you
it's so loud here we call it the noise
happened to all the men on this planet
every thought in our heads
we're on display
where are all the women
they're dead is she thinking where the
hell is her noise
it's strange to see everything you're
thinking it was strange for me too not
knowing what's going on in your head
i mean i know you might not like my dog
or you want to hit me over the head with
a rock or something
i like your dog he's stronger than he
knows
you better watch your noise like snake
shake
those men catch you they'll kill you
if you want to protect the girl you have
to leave now
keep you safe keep you safe safe
with her power there's no telling what
he can do
i need that girl before she wants him
how many are coming 100
200 thousands
[Music]
my flock this will not be
a war of heroes
nations will slaughter each other while
[Music]
this is going to be fun
you cannot keep me locked away as the
world burns
son the truth is the world is ruled
by corruption and greed we must do
something
certainly
[Music]
we are the first independent
intelligence
agency refined but brutal
civilized but merciless
welcome to the club very clever it's
time
to pour fuel
on the fire of revolution
yes my shepherd
welcome englishman
rasputin your reputation precedes you
[Music]
let's end this as gentlemen after all
manners
why is it that boys are always so messy
[Applause]
[Music]
so
focus
give me some shell
i gotcha
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
my whole life i trained to become a
guardian of the dragon gem
but this world has changed
and its people are divided
now to restore peace i must find
the last dragon
my name is raya
[Music]
you're getting a little too big for this
bud
[Music]
ah in days of yore
there were two warriors i'd
kill for a spicy tuna roll right about
now get yourself a little something the
brothers
grew apart and a new age began
in the middle age dad is uncle 10 coming
for christmas this year
sweetie sometimes you just grow apart
diamond's all in my ring claire go watch
gold chain
[Music]
you can't solve everything with money
but you can too you haven't changed at
all you're still a big baby
suck it ted you suck excuse me
i hate to interrupt i mean it's a
riveting conversation but why don't you
suck it
she can talk a lot
i'm in the family business and now you
work for me
boomers
baby corp developed a new formula that
can turn a grown-up back into a baby for
48 hours
you want me to be a baby again
yep there's the awkward stage oh
baby will offer a full memory white
following this experience
so what's the crisis an evil genius is
teaching kids
to be very bad bad babies welcome to the
baby
revolution we're gonna need a disguise
to go undercover
what have you done to me yeah no really
going sailing
oh no
thanks for always having my back you're
my brother we always
stick together because that's what
families do
we need to hurry before the formula
wears off
what the [ __ ] aren't you a cutie in that
little karate outfit
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
i'm sure this isn't something money
can't solve
what the fudge
[Music]
i think it's gonna surprise people
you kind of sit there and go how did
they do that
it's going to be different from any
superhero movie ever made
there's no one better in the world to
direct the suicide squad
then james gunn i was excited with an
opportunity to be able to do
the suicide squad in the way it could be
done from my point of view
this one is completely unique this is a
gritty 1970s war movie
combined with brilliance of james gunn's
characters and comedy
you need your director to set the vibe
the suicide squad is just
a twisted fantasy of characters
within each of our characters there's a
certain beauty
within most of them some of them are
just pretty crappy through and through
be like a douchey captain america the
guy who believes
in peace at any cost no matter how many
people
he needs to kill along the way okay i
got it
don't ever settle back like you think
you know where this is going because
you don't as soon as you have some sense
about what's about to happen next
james comes in
everyone is exploding genitals heads
arms legs
it's like a big massive graphic novel
brought to life
this is by far the biggest movie i've
ever made
i don't think that you know what to
expect
don't get too attached this has been
truly
the greatest most exciting
journey of my life making this film
cut that was great
you must heed my words before i'm gone
my son
now you will be king
[Music]
but the throne must pass to a male heir
hakim it appears you have a
son he must be found
prepare the royal jet
we are going back to america oh hell no
your majesty
come on
say it again
well well say it again
it is so good to see you well abby damn
look who done come up in here
[Applause]
and ebola
those hungry babies with the flies on
the face
that's too much now you stepped over the
line now we're gonna be talking that
kind of [ __ ] about the hungry babies
you're going to get out of my chair
politically incorrect
so what you doing back here hotel rwanda
i'm back
[Music]
five thousand years ago kondok was a
melting pot of cultures
wealth power and magic
yet most of us had nothing except for
the chains
around our necks conduct needed a hero
instead they got me i did what
needed to be done and they imprisoned me
for it
[Music]
now five thousand years later
i'm free and i give you my word
no one will ever stop me again
this is
hello
everybody here for the interview
me too what do you drive
i got the jet bike they're ready to see
you mr gru
oh good great
here we go
distinguished villains my name is crew
i feel like i'm talking too loud even
though
our proximity doesn't require
this kind of volume
you seriously think a puny little child
can be a villain yes i am pretty
despicable
you don't want to cross me
come back when you've done something
evil to impress me
i'll distract them
i'll handle this
this is the biggest day of my life this
kid
just stole something from the wars
villains
in the world time to strike
now i will be a super villain
now all i need is otto where is otto
are you pulling on my legs right now
otto
where's the stone
[Music]
did you just trade my future
for a pet rock
oh i didn't mean to scare you now where
is groom
let's get it ready
are you ready this is the main event
he's coming
whoa
come get some of this
[Applause]
who wants a selfie tentacular
i've got your whole life story tattooed
on my body
yeah in a long history of monster
wrestling
there has never been a champion quite
like tentacular
fans around the world are asking is
there a challenger out there with the
hunger
the drive the discipline to become the
next
champion
what all right i think that's enough for
today
steve might not look like much but there
is a champion monster inside of him
did he eat
thank you that felt great
we seriously need to work on strength
and endurance fortunately i know just
the thing
what yeah that's gonna be a hard no for
me
[Music]
oh boy oh this is my nightmare
you knew him didn't you then you had
that one little feeling
but you waved it away
you should have listened to that one
little feeling
just like i'm listening to you now you
can talk to me
i'm all a friend
you're not exactly a department favorite
thing's probably changed a lot since you
left
you still got to catch them right yeah
not that much exchange then right
i can assure you all we are taking a 24
7 all hands on deck approach to these
cases
guy's a shark if he stops he dies he
likes to try probably has a decent car
maybe two
high mileage must really like my car
i do how's the trunk space
something i got to know as a guy with
the best clearance rate in the
department work 15
years without a promotion maybe i didn't
go to the right church
when i look in your eyes what i see
it ain't good
he knew all the details but he wasn't
within 10 miles of the killing
why is that
[Music]
how's the trunk space
[Applause]
what do you want i want to nail the
bastard for
all of the girls he killed
[Music]
i want to know him too the difference is
i'm doing this for me
[Music]
it's little things jimmy so little
things that rip you apart it's the
little things that
get you caught
[Music]
if you stray outside the designated
areas you will be removed from the
island
it's recommended you wear a hijab when
visiting your client we've had incidents
of inmates spitting at female lawyers
[Music]
you want to represent the head recruiter
for 9 11.
muhammadu al-slahi the mauritanian held
in guantanamo
he recruited the guy who flew your
friend's plane into the south tower
he put those men on my husband's plane
i'm gonna make him pay in the event the
detainee lunges for you push back away
from the table we'll get in there as
quick as we can
i'm nancy hollander this is my associate
we wish to represent you
we are seeking the death penalty but if
we miss something this guy goes home
let's get to it call this number speak
to my mother
tell her i don't know something nice
the us government is holding upwards of
700 prisoners glenn thomas
since when did we start locking people
up without a trial in this country
that's a lot of case styles the
prosecution won't show us the evidence
they have against you
it's all redacted you had a problem take
it up with the government
all my time here i've been told you are
guilty
not for something that i have done but
because of suspicions
and associations i am innocent he has
been interrogated he has been held
against his will
for six years without a single charge
being laid against him
doesn't it bother you at all working for
something like this
i'm not just defending him i'm defending
the rule of law you haven't seen what
i've seen
where i'm from in mauritania we know not
to trust the police
but never did i believe that the united
states of america would use
fear and terror to control me a couple
of surplus nights
that's all
[Music]
i've never been part of a conspiracy but
i'm starting to think
this is what it must feel like to be on
the outside you're overthinking this
either wear the jersey or get off the
field
you need to tell me what happened to you
i can't defend you do you understand
that
you asked me to set fire to this place
but i'm still
maybe he's guilty maybe he is we're
doing our job i'm not welcome home
that's not a part of my
job if i'm wrong when it comes to my
record and i'm the one that would have
to add support what makes you think
you're any better than the rest of us i
don't think i'm better than anybody else
that is the point
for eight years i have been dreaming of
being in a courtroom
now that i'm here i'm scared to death
you know i think i figured out why they
built guantanamo down there
my client he's not a suspect he's a
witness
mr slahi would you please raise your
right hand and repeat after me
[Music]
the mauritanian
it's 20 years since the moon was hit
electricity for only an hour a day
barely any food and all you care about
is cozmo
[Music]
attention unregistered teleportation
his power is unbelievable beyond
anything i have seen
all we have is now i like you
i waited for this stepping in here makes
everyone nervous
fear not the game is more dangerous than
it may seem
all the hardships earth face are a
result of the war with cerno
we're about to go play football with
what's essentially a nuclear bomb
and everyone else thinks this is just a
game
is that right pretty much it yes
it's easier to risk your life when you
know you're supported by millions
even if they don't know the truth or
understand the risk
four young earthlings with incredible
powers
you show there is something to be
inspired by here we go
are you peter that depends who's asking
[Music]
peter
we are gathered here today to join b and
thomas in holy matrimony you're taking
this
so well he's a good man you hated this
guy we've grown very close
welcoming a new parent not that close a
father
father father no you're not my father
peter peter the ring right sorry
are you the author it's really the
rabbit story i just wrote it down
look dad it's peter rabbit oh i hate
that i'm the face of this
he's a little naughty what are you peter
that depends who's asking
peter stay out of trouble told you he
has it in for me he was talking to
all of us i'm talking to you peter
specifically
stay out of trouble trouble trouble
if that's who they think i am maybe i'd
be better off without them oh come on
[Music]
what are you looking at goody goody
you're gonna turn me in i'm no goody
goody apparently i'm a baddie
yeah i was best friends with your dad my
name is barnabas you're a fierce bad
rabbit just like
him where are the rabbits back in their
borough snug as a bug in a rug
i'm gonna live forever
get back here oh spread out
[Music]
this is fun i'm speeding up a little i'm
speeding up quite a bit
and that's why adults shouldn't do kids
stuff
you